High within the section where you're going to be building our first game with Sprite kit.
So we're going to see what is a sprite kit and how we can use it to create two full games on ISIS.
So I'm gonna go for ISIS tap here but we're not going to go for a single view at this time but rather
we're going to go for this game tap.
OK.
So after you choose this game you will be presented with some kind of new options like this game technology
any here I'm going to go for a rebirth clone or Angry Bird.
Okay.
So that's what we're going to build.
And in language of course we're going to go for Swift.
But in here we have some game technology.
So we're going to work with Sprite Keith as I said before.
But why.
Sprite kid is actually ideal for creating too these games.
So if you want to build 3D games you're more than welcome to go with seeing kids or reality kids.
And of course we're going to use the sink kids again later on.
But in the augmented reality section.
OK.
So it's kind of treaty option but we're going to work with Sprite kids this time because we want to
build it to the game.
And here is something called metal.
So if you choose metal it means that you're creating your own game world and you're working directly
with the graphic processing units.
So if you want to work closely with GP you if you're an advanced game developer that you're more than
welcome to choose metal.
But in our case we want sprite kids so that we will have the ready to go physical worlds so that we
can build our game with them.
So choose this bright kid and we don't want any tests or any other option over here so we can just hit
next to create our project.
I'm going to create mine under us complete as well.
And here you go.
So right we get our project.
You will immediately realize there are some differences compared to regular swift Fila swift projects.
So here is our app delegate and it's exactly the same thing as we had before.
Right.
So there are no differences here.
So let's come to game scene that as k s so this is the file that we design our app.
So this is kind of the Neve main storyboards for us as you can see this is the frame of our phone or
out of our scene and inside of this frame.
We have this Heller label and it's not called a label anymore actually it's called cold sprites or nodes
in the sprite kids.
We're going to talk about terminology but as you can see there is a predefined label over here and we're
going to run to see what does label does later on.
But right now know that we will do the design inside of our game scene that SCA.
So this is the design section but we have another options over here like actions that are scarce and
as you can see there is a there's some sort of a timeline or we're here in which we can define our actions
like I believe there is a fade action over here like a fade in and don't worry we're going to see how
to create actions or animations we generally going to use the coding section in order to do that but
we have these two SARS files that we can work with that we can put some new views and we can give it
some animations using this space where are you going to see both ways where you're going to create some
views over here.
But we're going to do that in the coding section as well.
So if you come over to game See you will see a lot of codes.
So that's where we're going to write other codes.
And in here we have our old regular view controller.
And if you go over to Main storyboard you will see there is another thing on our storyboard and we won't
touch the storyboard in this case because we have our game scene that has scars.
So we are going to be working within our game scene.
So game we have controller actually just hold some kind of configuration settings for us every to be
writing the game inside of our scene as you can see there there is.
There is something called the label or here and we see the label over here as well.
So I believe right now you have understood the structure we're here.
We are going to be writing our code in the game scene.
We are going to design our gaming the game scene that is chaos and in fact we going to delete everything
from here and we going to write it from scratch.
So I will just run the simulator and show you what this code does but we're not going to be working
on this code again.
We will learn how to write our code from scratch as usual.
So let me open this simulator.
And once his was we will see the hell a world label.
And also I believe we're going to see some action as well.
So this is hella worlds.
And if I tap on anywhere over here it will just create some circles or I don't know it's polygon or
a rectangle.
So it's kind of a shape that turns and burns.
So this is cool right.
This is one of the examples that what we can do with these sprite kids but we're not going to do this
because it's not even a game we're going to create the game for ourselves.
So we're going to delete everything from the game scene that's swift and we're going to write our own
codes and we're not even going to use this in a portrait mode.
We're going to be using this in a landscape mode.
OK.
So you feel how come so far.
I believe we can stop here and within the next lecture we're going to discuss where we can find some
good images to work on for our game.